README.md, before:

# LazLock Translation

###en
LazLock is a password locker that you can find [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lazlock/).

The author of LazLock is [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth).

It's built with [Free Pascal](http://www.freepascal.org) and [Lazarus](http://www.lazarus-ide.org).

This is an effort to have it translated and localised.

__maintainer:__ [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth)

###pt_PT
A aplicação LazLock é um cofre de palavras passe que pode encontrar [aqui](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lazlock/).

O autor da aplicação LazLock é [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth).

Esta aplicação foi desenvolvida com o compilador [Free Pascal](http://www.freepascal.org) e o ambiente de desenvolvimento [Lazarus](http://www.lazarus-ide.org).

Este repositório é um esforço para traduzir a aplicação.

__maintainer:__ [Gustavo Carreno](https://twitter.com/gcarreno)

###pt_BR
A aplicação LazLock é um cofre de palavras passe que pode encontrar [aqui](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lazlock/).

O autor da aplicação LazLock é [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth).

Esta aplicação foi desenvolvida com o compilador [Free Pascal](http://www.freepascal.org) e o ambiente de desenvolvimento [Lazarus](http://www.lazarus-ide.org).

Este repositório é um esforço para traduzir a aplicação.

__maintainer:__ [Gustavo Carreno](https://twitter.com/gcarreno) Nota: Por enquanto. É necesário alguem que não tenha a tendência para Português Europeu.

Commit message:

Adding some useful info on how to test with different languages under Ubuntu.

README.md, after:

# LazLock Translation

###en
LazLock is a password locker that you can find [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lazlock/).

The author of LazLock is [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth).

It's built with [Free Pascal](http://www.freepascal.org) and [Lazarus](http://www.lazarus-ide.org).

This is an effort to have it translated and localised.

__maintainer:__ [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth)

##Testing on Ubuntu
To start the aplication in a different language, under Ubuntu:

    $ LANG={language} LANGUAGE={language} lazlock

An example with Portuguese(Portugal):

    $ LANG=pt_PT.UTF-8 LANGUAGE=pt_PT.UTF-8 lazlock

For more information on temporarily change your language:

 * [Is it possible to change language for user interface temporarily?](https://askubuntu.com/questions/246547/is-it-possible-to-change-language-for-user-interface-temporarily)
 * [Why is overriding the LANG environment variable not changing the language for me?](https://askubuntu.com/questions/311767/why-is-overriding-the-lang-environment-variable-not-changing-the-language-for-me)
 
###pt_PT
A aplicação LazLock é um cofre de palavras passe que pode encontrar [aqui](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lazlock/).

O autor da aplicação LazLock é [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth).

Esta aplicação foi desenvolvida com o compilador [Free Pascal](http://www.freepascal.org) e o ambiente de desenvolvimento [Lazarus](http://www.lazarus-ide.org).

Este repositório é um esforço para traduzir a aplicação.

__maintainer:__ [Gustavo Carreno](https://twitter.com/gcarreno)

###pt_BR
A aplicação LazLock é um cofre de palavras passe que pode encontrar [aqui](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lazlock/).

O autor da aplicação LazLock é [Christopher Hawkins](https://twitter.com/CyberFilth).

Esta aplicação foi desenvolvida com o compilador [Free Pascal](http://www.freepascal.org) e o ambiente de desenvolvimento [Lazarus](http://www.lazarus-ide.org).

Este repositório é um esforço para traduzir a aplicação.

__maintainer:__ [Gustavo Carreno](https://twitter.com/gcarreno) Nota: Por enquanto. É necesário alguem que não tenha a tendência para Português Europeu.
